how's it going guys its tactics THD here
bringing a video talking about NHL 14
this field guys I'm going to cover some
of the new features in HL 14 including
new game modes the new gameplay
mechanics as well as other things so
first off guys want to talk about NHL
collision physics this basically has to
do with basically real life hits if you
guys know NHL 13 sometimes it hits can
be kind of awkward sometimes will bounce
off each other sometimes crazy stuff
will happen if you guys seen that video
where Malkin got hit I seen another hit
where you know like guys will just fly
over the boards obviously with like the
Hercules check and you know there's a
lot of crazy stuff that happens so
apparently they're going to try to
refine and fix that I was looking to try
to make it more lifelike where is they
try were to go up and hit yonder you'd
always get the best of him right now NHL
13 you know try them i hit gionta and
nothing really would happen so I guess
they're going for a more real life
experience when checking as well as more
of like a refined checking two of that
makes sense the second thing guys is the
enforcer engine this is really cool
they're using the fight night technology
if you guys don't know what that is it's
actually a boxing game made by EA sports
it's a lot of fun and basically so now
instead of going to fight somebody and
you guys eat just matching the right
stick there's actually gonna be a little
bit of strategy to it which is really
cool I'm really excited for that you
know you'll actually feel like you've
accomplished something when you want to
fight about to just kind of getting
lucky as well guys along with the
fighting opposed to the first person
view there's now going to be the third
person view as well guys it doesn't say
here but I believe that you can have
more than one fight happening at a time
I seen a picture I'll put it up on the
screen where someone was fighting and
there was another two guys that looked
like they were fighting in the
background as well guys to let go along
with fighting angel 14 seems to be
adding a lot of fighting this year you
can also celebrate after your fight now
which is pretty sick you know throw your
hands up in the air you know do whatever
you want to do as a fighter it also says
that the players size will actually
affect the fight which makes it more
authentic I mean you know it's kind of
stupid if you get into a fight say you
know Crosby versus beast Annette karate
vs perros and Crosby wins you know so
that's more realistic the fighters have
advantage in the fights they're also
adding one touch deke so you guys seen
the clip with Pavel Datsyuk it was
pretty sick just going through the guys
so that should you know add a lot of fun
obviously everyone's in a deacon you see
the shootout montages and everything so
this one touched
king should really add a lot of new
creativity to the game obviously Deacon
so I want might be a few things to do
try to get by people and the one touch
Deeks looks really cool and it says
basically all you're going to have to do
is just use the left stick and one
button so maybe you know left sticking a
does something left stick and our
trigger to something etc true
performance skating don't think this is
too big of a deal this is just you know
making the skating more authentic I
think they did a really good job
actually with the skating NHL 13 live
the life this is a new game mode this
actually seems like pretty cool too it's
an improved be a pro mode basically guys
and all basically it's going to include
off the ice stuff so you know it's going
to include stuff like how you what you
do outside the rink media interviews
relationship with the fans and
relationship with team management this
is all going to affect like your skill
on how you progress as a player I'm
hoping that they also cut down on the be
a broke a game times it seems like you
know be a pro game takes forever because
of that it's not a lot of fun playing be
a pro so hopefully you know they fix
that and just you know make it a more
enjoyable experience lastly guys they
have any EA sports NHL online seasons so
they're taking a page from FIFA here any
of you guys have played FIFA you know
the online students is about there's 10
online seasons you start in Division ten
you have to get a certain amount of
winds out of the games plate to move on
to Division 9 i'm saying winds and not
draws because NHL there's only wins or
losses maybe overtime loss that will
give you a point and not sure how they
plan on doing it and you know the goal
is if you guys have ever watched the
chaos eyes videos to make it to division
1 and win division 1 so that's pretty
cool so opposed to now just playing a
regulator online versus play and really
not getting much out of it now you're
going to start in division 10 you'll
have more incentive to win the games
because you want to move up into the
higher divisions and ultimately be the
Division one champ so some other things
guys I want to cover apparently there's
going to be a 20th anniversary thing for
NHL 94 I think I'm not positive I'm just
assuming that they're just going to have
the whole NHL 94 game in NHL 14 I
believe NHL 94 was for the first Sony
Playstation it may even be earlier than
that but when you guys owned NHL 06 on
the ps2 which I did you actually got NHL
94 on NHL 06 but only if you had ps2 if
you were playing on xbox or p
see that didn't happen so apparently
they're bringing that back so that's
pretty cool not sure if they're just
going to bring back the full game or if
they're going to edit it at all as well
guys they still haven't really said much
about the new consoles that will
definitely be available for 360 and ps3
and it might be available for ps4 and
the new xbox they haven't really said
much on that it's still you know we're
gonna we're going to see basically what
happens and sighs that guys I think
that's all the information I have for
right now I haven't heard anything about
legends that's good I wouldn't mind if
they bring back legend mode but it's not
my favorite mode and I think they could
really use some better legends as little
guys haven't heard anything about
ultimate team and haven't heard anything
about GM mode and I think because
ultimate team and GM motor arguably the
two most popular game modes as well as
eashl that's for sure you know those
three of the most popular game modes and
those are the three things we still have
yet to hear anything about what I have a
feeling we're going to that they're
saving that stuff to let us know at a
future date so stay tuned for that guy's
slides add that the student that's it
for this video I hope you enjoyed it I
let me know if you have any questions
about anything I cover and I'll do my
best to answer them and besides that
guy's determine HL videos thanks for
watching and have a nice day goodbye